Tor flag based opt-in (#1778)
Electric-Coin-Company/zcash-android-wallet-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - [WalletCoordinator] now takes [isTorEnabled] as a constructor parameter to indicate whether to force rpc-s via Tor 
>   network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [WalletCoordinator] now takes [isTorEnabled] as a constructor parameter.
  - When set to `true`, lightwalletd RPC queries will be made over Tor (where possible and beneficial).
  - When set to `false`, lightwalletd RPC queries will always be made directly to the server.
```
